sbatch  T-1023_OsteosarcomaWES_Mapping.job
sbatch  T-1166_OsteosarcomaWES_Mapping.job
sbatch  T-1087_OsteosarcomaWES_Mapping.job
sbatch  T-1096_OsteosarcomaWES_Mapping.job
sbatch  M-1166_OsteosarcomaWES_Mapping.job
sbatch  T-1192_OsteosarcomaWES_Mapping.job
sbatch  T-1246_OsteosarcomaWES_Mapping.job
sbatch  T-1247_OsteosarcomaWES_Mapping.job
sbatch  T-1272_OsteosarcomaWES_Mapping.job
sbatch  T-134_OsteosarcomaWES_Mapping.job
sbatch  T-149_OsteosarcomaWES_Mapping.job
sbatch  T-153_OsteosarcomaWES_Mapping.job
sbatch  T-25_OsteosarcomaWES_Mapping.job
sbatch  T-276_OsteosarcomaWES_Mapping.job
sbatch  T-29C_OsteosarcomaWES_Mapping.job
sbatch  T-343_OsteosarcomaWES_Mapping.job
sbatch  T-346_OsteosarcomaWES_Mapping.job
sbatch  T-399_OsteosarcomaWES_Mapping.job
sbatch  T-424_OsteosarcomaWES_Mapping.job
sbatch  T-458_OsteosarcomaWES_Mapping.job
sbatch  T-554_OsteosarcomaWES_Mapping.job
sbatch  T-74_OsteosarcomaWES_Mapping.job
sbatch  T-843_OsteosarcomaWES_Mapping.job
sbatch  T-856_OsteosarcomaWES_Mapping.job
sbatch  T-907_OsteosarcomaWES_Mapping.job
sbatch  T-992_OsteosarcomaWES_Mapping.job
sbatch  T-999_OsteosarcomaWES_Mapping.job
